1. Project Name : Car Sales Dashboard
A simple yet an interactive dashboard built to know sales of 6 diff models of car.

2. Purpose:
Car Sales Dashboard is a visually engaging & analytical power BI designed to help the users to know the sales of diff models of the car in the market of Norway. This dashboard gives data about the each model sale in the market and indicates its market share which is important for the organisation to know & on the basis of info. gathered, steps further will be taken.

3. Tech Stack:
Technologies used to build the dashboard.
Example:
Power BI - Main data visualization platform used for report creation.
Power Query - Data transformation & cleaning layer for reshaping & preparing the data.
DAX( Data analytics expressions) - Used for calculated measures,dynamic visuals,conditional logic.
File Format - .pbix for development & .png for dashboard previews.

4. Charts Used:
Bar Graph:
2 bar graphs have been used. 1st is used to know the market value of diff models. 2nd graph is used to know the revenue generated by each model. By this graphs, users will get to know which brand is most liked by the customers.

Line Graph:
This graph is used by analyzing the sales of diff models in diff year.

Donut Chart:
This graph shows which model holds the largest share in the market.

KPI:
1st KPI shows units sold of that particular model.
2nd KPI revenue generated by the model.
3rd KPI shows diff variants of that particular car model.

Screenshot/ Demo:
https://github.com/Kumari1806/Car-Sales-Dashboard-/blob/main/Snapshot%20of%20Dashboard-Car%20Sales.png


